IT'S DAYLIGHT.
WHY AREN'T YOU AT MY HOUSE YET?
TODAY IS BIG PRESENT DAY. I HAVE
TO GO GET MYSELF A BIG PRESENT.
IS ANDY GOING WITH YOU?
NO, HE DOESN'T KNOW ABOUT IT.
WELL, YOU'RE COMING OVER LATER
FOR MOVIE NIGHT, RIGHT?
I DON'T KNOW.
ELLIE... FRIEND TEST.
FINE, I'LL COME.
(grunts)
FRIEND TEST?
YEAH. IT'S WHEN YOU CALL
YOUR ENTIRE FRIENDSHIP
INTO QUESTION
AND FORCE THEM INTO DOING
SOMETHING. I CAME UP WITH IT.
SOUNDS LIKE YOU.
MOM, I'M TRYING TO FIX THE TV,
BUT I NEED TO KNOW
WHAT YOU DID TO BREAK IT.
I JUST PUSHED ONE OF THE BUTTONS
ON THE REMOTE,
AND IT WENT TO BLACK.
MM-HMM. AND THEN?
AFTER IT WENT BLACK, I PUSHED
ABOUT A HUNDRED OTHER BUTTONS,
AND THEN I PLUGGED
AND RE-PLUGGED A BUNCH OF WIRES.
FIX IT, T-REX.
I'M PUMPED TO SEE THIS MOVIE.
"WAITING FOR SUPERMAN."
REALLY?
BOBBY,
I FORGOT TO TELL YOU THIS,
BUT SUPERMAN'S NOT IN IT.
IT'S...
IT'S A DOCUMENTARY.
NO!
YEP.
IT'S A BIRD, IT'S A PLANE--
NO, IT'S A DEPRESSING EXPOSé
ABOUT THE FAILING
PUBLIC SCHOOL SYSTEM.
OH, MAN. WELL, DID YOU SEE
THE WHOLE THING?
'CAUSE MAYBE SUPERMAN FLIES IN
AT THE END.
HE DOESN'T.
BUT IT'S STILL GOOD.
TOM, I KNOW YOU WANNA BE
A PART OF THIS GROUP,
BUT HOVERING OUT THERE
EAVESDROPPING
IS NOT THE WAY TO DO IT.
EAVESDROPPING?
(chuckles nervously)
THAT'S CRAZY.
WHAT WERE YOU DOING?
UH... LOOKING FOR MY CAT.
(clicking teeth) SNOWBALL?
I SHOULD GO.
TOM.
ANY SIGN OF HIM?
OH, BOY.
(horn honks in distance)
OH, HELLO, JULES.
I JUST FINISHED
THE TASTIEST CUBAN SANDWICH.
BARB, I'M GONNA STOP YOU
RIGHT THERE
AND ASSUME THAT YOU'RE NOT
TALKING ABOUT YOUR LUNCH
BUT RATHER TWO YOUNG CUBAN BOYS
THAT DIDHORRIBLETHINGS TO YOU.
HECTOR AND JULIO, YES.
YES, THEY'RE COUSINS.
WHY ME? WHY DO YOU
WANNA TORTURE ME
WITH YOUR FILTHY STORIES?
YOU USED TO BE ONE OF US--
STALKING YOUNG PREY
WITHOUT MERCY OR SHAME.
WHEN ARE PEOPLE
GOING TO UNDERSTAND
THAT'S NOT WHO I AM ANYMORE?
I MEAN, WHAT DO I HAVE TO DO,
CHANGE MY NAME?
YOU'LL BE BACK.
THE FILTH IS STRONG
WITHIN YOU.
(horn honking tune of "Dixie")
CHECK OUT MY NEW RIDE.
WHOO-HOO!
WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING?
THAT'S MY TRUCKER "WHOO."
YOU DO IT.
NOT A CHANCE.
FRIEND TEST.
FINE. A-WHOO-HOO!
WHAT?
WHOO-HOO!
PLEASE STOP DOING THAT.
(cell phone alert chimes)
OH. HEY.
SAM'S GOT A NEW HAIRCUT.
WHO'S SAM AND WHAT SHOULD
I TEXT HIM BACK?
S-SAM'S A BUDDY.
"SEND US A PIC OF YOUR HAIRCUT
SO WE CAN JUDGE WHETHER
IT IS HOT OR NOT."
OH, GOOD,
IT'S MY EX-BOYFRIEND SMITH.
HEY, LAURIE. OH.
IT'S A FOREARM KISS.
JUST AS CORDIAL. (chuckles)
♪♪♪
OKAY. I'LL LEAVE SO YOU CAN ALL
SAY HORRIBLE THINGS ABOUT ME.
OH, NO, SMITH. I MEAN,
WE'RE ON LAURIE'S SIDE,
BUT YOU'RE A GOOD GUY.
THANKS.
ALL RIGHT, LET ME GET
THE BALL ROLLING.
HE IS A PALE-FACED JERK.
TOOL BAG.
HE WASWAYTOO GOOD FOR YOU.
DON'T HARSH ON SMITH.
HE JUST BOUGHT YOU ALL REFILLS.
HMM.
I CHARGED HIM DOUBLE,
THE PRETENTIOUS LITTLE DINK.
YOU GUYS!
NO LOOK.
(clank)
(all) PENNY CAN!
SCHOOLED BY A CHICK.
THIS IS EMBARRASSING.
IT'S WORSE FOR ANDY.
HE'S MISSED SO MANY TIMES,
HE CAN'T EVEN PLAY
REAL PENNY CAN.
(clank)
(high-pitched voice)
PENNY CAN!
NO. WHAT DO YOU HAVE TO SING
WHEN YOU GET IT IN THE BIG ONE?
(normal voice) ♪ SISSY CAN ♪
MM-HMM.
(chuckles)
STOP SUCKING SO MUCH,DUDE.
PENNY CAN IS ONE PART GEOMETRY,
ONE PART MARKSMANSHIP,
AND ONE PART CORE STRENGTH.
NOW YOU GOT THE FIRST TWO
IN SPADES, BUT THIS RIGHT HERE--
AH-WOKKA-WOKKA-WOKKA-
WOKKA-WOKKA.
THAT'S HOLDING YOU BACK
IN THE MINORS, BRUH.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I DON'T HAVE TO TAKE
THIS CRAP FROM YOU.
I'M GRABBING MY PENNY CAN,
AND I'M GOING HOME.
(coins clatter)
WE WERE ALL TALKING SMACK.
WHY'S HE ONLY GOING OFF ON ME?
HE'LL BE FINE.
CHECK THIS OUT.
(clank)
(all, high-pitched voices)
MOVING TARGET PENNY CAN!
(loud clatter)
(laughs)
OH! BOBBY,
DO YOU HAVE ANY CLEAN SHIRTS?
I'VE GOT SHIRTS. WHY?
OH. HEY THERE, FELLA.
YOU KNOW, BUYING THAT RIG
IS JUST THE BEGINNING.
I'M GONNA GO BALLS TO THE WALL
WITH THIS TOMBOY THING.
WHAT UP, BROSEPH?
WEIRD. MOM, THIS IS TAKING
A WHILE TO FIX.
I DON'T THINK
YOU'RE GONNA BE ABLE
TO WATCH THAT DOCUMENTARY
TONIGHT.
DAMN IT! I WANTED
TO FEEL SMART TONIGHT--
SMART AND DEPRESSED
ABOUT THE WORLD,
NOT DUMB AND HAPPY LIKE ALWAYS.
MAN, THOSE ARE SOME BIG GRAPES.
DO YOU KNOW WHAT WE SHOULD DO?
(whispers) WHAT?
LET'S ALL PILE IN THE BACK
OF MY PICKUP TRUCK
AND MAKE OUR OWN ROADS
IN THE FOREST BEHIND THE MALL.
I'LL DO THAT.
ALL RIGHT, BUBBA GUMP.
YOU'RE OBVIOUSLY GOING
THROUGH SOMETHING, AND WE'RE
HERE FOR YOU, BUT STILL,
ANYONE HAVE AGOODIDEA?
WELL, WE ACTUALLY READ THIS
GREAT ARTICLE IN MY PSYCH CLASS
ABOUT HOW--
ALL RIGHT, I WANNA
GET A GRAPE.
HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY!
STAY WITH ME.
WHAT?
IT'S ABOUT HOWADULTSCAN REDUCE
THEIR STRESS LEVELS BY EMBRACING
THE ACTIVITIES THEY LOVED
WHEN THEY WERE LITTLE KIDS.
SO WE SHOULD ALL GO HIDE
IN THE SHOWER
AND WATCH MY BABYSITTER PEE?
NO, NO, NO, THIS IS GOOD.
I MEAN, NOT YOUR THING.
WE'RE GONNA HAVE TO TALK
TO A PROFESSIONAL ABOUTTHAT.
BUT I GOT A GREAT IDEA.
OH, WHO'S THAT DUDE?
YOUR WIFE.
IS THAT BOBBY'S SHIRT?
THAT'S RIGHT.
YEAH, I'VE HAD THIS DREAM.
(door creaks open)
WHOA! BOBBY,
LET THE GIRL BREATHE.
WHAT, YOU JUST GET ON THE BOAT
WITHOUT KNOCKIN'?
I MEAN, THERE'S AN AIR HORN
ON THE LADDER FOR A REASON.
HI. I'M SAM.
THIS IS SAM? MM!
I PICTURED HIM WITH LESS BOOBS.
DID SHE SAY "HIM"?
IT'S A FIGURE OF SPEECH.
(air horn blares)
WHAT?
SEE? THAT'S THE PIZZA GUY.
HE'S GOT MANNERS.
(exhales deeply)
(blaring continues)
BUTNO PATIENCE.
(lowered voice)
DON'T SAY ANYTHING ABOUT SAM.
OKAY, GUYS, WE COULD ALL USE
A LITTLE "ACT LIKE A KID" TIME,
SO WE'RE GONNA PLAY
SARDINES IN A CAN.
AND ONE PERSON GOES TO HIDE,
AND THEN EVERYONE LOOKS
FOR THEM, BUT HERE'S THE CATCH.
IF YOU FIND THE HIDER,
YOU HIDE WITH THEM,
AND THEN THE LAST PERSON
LEFT LOOKING IS THE LOSER.
HOW FUN DOES THAT SOUND?
LET ME GET THIS STRAIGHT.
INSTEAD OF DOING FUN STUFF
WITH MY NEW TRUCK...
YOU BOUGHT A TRUCK?
LATER.
SUPER.
WE'RE GONNA PLAY
SOME LAME VERSION
OF HIDE-AND-SEEK?
DON'T BE ALL SULKY JUST 'CAUSE
YOU'RE NOT GETTING YOUR WAY
FOR ONCE.
HAIL MARY TO SAVE THE NIGHT--
I, AT MY PLACE, HAVE
A FABULOUS BOTTLE OF CHAMPAGNE,
TWO THICK, BIG, JUICY STEAKS.
I COULD COOK 'EM UP.
I'M IN.
TALKING TO JULES.
WE'RE PLAYING SARDINES IN A CAN.
NOW THE MORE THE MERRIER,
SO WE CAN ASK TOM TO PLAY.
AH, I'D LOVE TO.
WAY TO KEEP IT WEIRD, TOM.
WHOEVER'S HIDING CAN HIDE
ANYWHERE
IN OR AROUND THIS HOUSE,
ELLIE AND ANDY'S, OR GRAYSON'S.
I'LL HIDE.
OH. WAY TO BOUNCE BACK. WHEN YOU
FIND YOUR SPOT, CALL US.
TOM, I DIDN'T INCLUDE YOUR HOUSE
AS A PLACE TO HIDE
BECAUSE I JUST FIGURED
IT WAS CREEPY IN THERE.
PRETTY MUCH.
I CAN SEE HIS GUEST ROOM
FROM UPSTAIRS.
THERE'S A MANNEQUIN
IN A DOG CAGE.
(telephone rings)
OH! HERE WE GO. ALL RIGHT.
(beep)
ELLIE, YOU ARE ON SPEAKER.
(Ellie) Good.
JULES, YOU ALWAYS ACT LIKE
I'M THE CHOREY ONE
WHO HAS TO GET HER OWN WAY,
BUT THE TRUTH IS,
youare the bossy-pants
control freak
WHO MAKES EVERYONE DO
WHATYOUWANT THEM TO DO
LIKE SOME EVIL DICTATOR.
DAMN!
THANK YOU, JELLYBEAN.
SERIOUSLY, JULES,
WHO ELECTEDYOUGROUP LEADER?
WELL, I HAVE SOMETHING
TO SAY ABOUT THAT.
THAT'S WHY I HID. I KNEW
YOU'D WANNA DEFEND YOURSELF,
BUT NOW YOU CAN'T.
ELLIE!
GOOD-BYE.
(beep)
(dial tone, beep)
OH, MY GOD.
UHH!
(glass shatters)
AAH!
(telephone clatters)
GAME ON!
YEAH!
(Grayson) SOUNDS GOOD.
(Laurie) EXCUSE ME.
♪♪♪
I TOLD YOU ELLIE
WASN'T IN THE POOL SHED.
WELL, IT WAS A GOOD GUESS.
THAT'S WHERE SHE HIDES FROM ANDY
WHEN HE WANTS TO HAVE SEX.
CAN YOU BELIEVE THAT CRAP
SHE SAID ABOUT ME?
I THINK I'LL PASS ON GETTING
IN THE MIDDLE OF YOUR FIGHT.
SMART MOVE, BOY TOY.
OH, TRAVIS, YOU HEARD
WHAT ELLIE SAID.
I MEAN, DO YOU THINK
THAT I'M AT ALL--
NO. MNH-MNH. I AIN'T STUPID.
YOU CALL YOURSELF MEN,
BUT YOU'RE BOTH WUSSES.
ELLIE'S NOT IN THE HEDGE
WHERE SHE HIDES FROM THE NANNY.
ELLIE HIDES A LOT.
HEY, ANDY.
(bang)
I GOTTA GO TALK TO HIM.
NO! YOU'RE MY SEARCHING PARTNER/
TELL-ME-ELLIE'S-CRAZY BUDDY.
(cell phone rings)
(ring)
OH.
LET ME GUESS.
YOU'RE TRYING TO FIND SOMEONE
TO TELL YOU THAT I'M CRAZY.
WHEN I FIND YOU,
YOU'RE DEAD.
YOU'LL NEVER FIND ME.
NO ONE WILL.
(clicks teeth)
OH, GREAT!
(beep)
SCOOT OVER, BABY. (grunts)
YOU THINK
JULES WILL EVER LIKE ME?
WHAT DOES GRAYSON HAVE
THAT I DON'T?
I DON'T KNOW. A CHIN?
YEAH, RIGHT.RIGHT.
I'M DONE.
OH, GOOD, SOYOUCAN BE
MY SEARCHING PARTNER/
TELL-ME-ELLIE'S-CRAZY BUDDY.
LET'S GO.
COME ON, HONEY.
YOUR HOUSE IS DUMB.
WELL, AT LEAST YOU DON'T HAVE
A STUPID OCTOPUS PAINTING.
OH, WAIT.
HEY, UH, WE WERE ALL
MAKING FUN OF YOU
WHEN WE WERE TOSSING COPPER--
THAT'S A NEW SLANG FOR
PLAYING PENNY CAN, BY THE WAY.
PASS IT ON, BUT, UH,
YOU ONLY FREAKED OUT ON ME.
HOW COME?
YOU GRABBED MY STOMACH.
I HAVE PERSONAL SPACE ISSUES.
I FREAK OUT
WHEN PEOPLE TOUCH ME.
HMM. OKAY.
HE'S ALSO ALLERGIC
TO RASPBERRIES.
(blows raspberry)
(laughs) THAT TICKLES.
THAT'S DIFFERENT.
HE'S EARNED IT.
HMM. WE ALREADY
CHECKED IN HERE.
YEAH,
WE'LL JUST DOUBLE-CHECK.
WHY ARE WE DOUBLE-CHECKING?
STEAK AND CHAMPAGNE.
I LOVE ME
SOME BEEF AND BUBBLES.
OOH! THAT SHOULD BE
OUR DETECTIVE NAMES.
HE'S BEEF, A GRIZZLED EX-MARINE
WITH A SECRET.
HE'S A VEGETARIAN.
SHE'S BUBBLES,
HIS PLUCKY, HOT PARTNER
WITH A SECRET OF HER OWN.
SHE'S BEEF'S DAUGHTER.
TOGETHER, THEY FIGHT CRIME,
AND EACH WEEK...
MAYBE THEY GROW
A LITTLE BIT CLOSER TOGETHER.
I DON'T KNOW WHY
I GOT CHOKED UP.
(sighs) WELL, WE MIGHT
AS WELL WATCH
THIS FAKE, BORING SUPERMAN
DOCUMENTARY.
SO BEEF, WHY ARE YOU HIDING
YOUR GIRLFRIEND FROM EVERYONE?
GET OUT OF MY GRILL, BUBBLES.
WELL, MRS. TORRES
WASN'T IN THE PANTRY,
BUT THIS NOTE WAS.
"ENOUGH WITH THE COOKIES."
SHE LEAVES NOTES FOR ANDY
EVERYWHERE.
OH.
"KISSING IS FOR SHAVERS."
I MEAN, SHE CALLSME
THE CONTROL FREAK.
DOES THAT MAKES SENSE?
VERY SMOOTH, TRYING TO SLIDE
INTO THAT CONVERSATION.
UNFORTUNATELY, THIS ISN'T
MY FIRST MOTHER-SON RODEO.
OH, I REALLY WISH
THEY HAD THOSE.
I'M ALWAYS THERE FOR YOU
WHEN YOU WANNA TALK. COME ON.
A HEART-TO-HEART
ON MR. AND MRS. TORRES' BED?
YOU WANNA SNUGGLE?
OH, YEAH.
(high-pitched, singsong voice)
KIDDING.
WELL, DON'T TEASE.
ALL RIGHT, ELLIE SEES ME
AS THE DICTATOR WITH EVERYONE.
NOW YOU HAVE
AN OUTSIDE PERSPECTIVE
OF THE CUL-DE-SAC CREW.
HOW DO YOU SEE US?
WELL, I SEE YOU GUYS
AS A BUNCH OF OLD PEOPLE
WITH SURPRISINGLY GOOD SKIN
GIVEN THE AMOUNT
OF WINE AND SUN YOU TAKE IN.
YEAH, I THINK THE ALCOHOL
PRESERVES US.
MOM, I WISH I COULD HELP YOU,
BUT WHEN IT COMES TO QUESTIONS
ABOUT WHO YOU REALLY ARE,
I THINK... THE ONLY PERSON
WHO CAN ANSWER THEM IS YOU.
THAT'S THE DUMBEST THING
I EVER HEARD.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
(drawer opens)
I REALLY DOUBT ELLIE'S
HIDING IN THE DRAWER.
NO, BUT HER...
SEX CHOPSTICKS ARE,
WHATEVER THE HELL THESE DO.
COME ON.
THEY'RE ALL SNOOPING, TOO.
I'M PRETTY SURE THEY'RE NOT.
(chuckles) HEY, LOOK.
TRAVIS' IRONIC T-SHIRT
COLLECTION.
(imitating Travis)
HEY. I'M MOODY AND SARCASTIC.
AH.
AND I'M HOME FOR
THE TENTH STRAIGHT WEEKEND
BECAUSE I DON'T UNDERSTAND
HOW COLLEGE WORKS.
OH, I DON'T HAVE
A TRAVIS IMPRESSION.
I JUST WANT THIS HOODIE.
HEY, LISTEN, UM,
WE STILL NEED TO TALK.
YOU KNOW, I'M NOT REALLY GOOD
AT BEING REAL
UNLESS I'M TRYING
TO GET SOMEONE'S PANTS OFF.
DON'T KNOW WHERE
THIS IS HEADED, BUT GO ON.
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
YOU DON'T HAVE ISSUES
WITH TOUCHING.
IT'S YOUR FAULT FOR MAKING
YOUR HANDS SMELL SO GOOD.
WHY DO YOU HAVE THIS BIG CHIP
ON YOUR SHOULDER WITH ME, HUH?
I MEAN, DID I DO SOMETHING
TO OFFEND YOU?
BECAUSE IF I DID,
LET'S TALK ABOUT IT, OKAY?
BUT JUST DON'T WALK AWAY AGAIN
BECAUSE IT DRIVES ME...
HMM. I WILL WEAR HIS SKIN.
WOULD YOU STOP WALKING AWAY
FROM ME? IT'S RUDE.
OH, GROW A PAIR, CINDY.
WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO ABOUT IT?
(grunts) HEY.
THAT'SWHAT I'M GONNA DO.
OKAY, HA HA.
ARE YOU STILL THERE?!
(dogs barking in distance)
COME ON! I'M BREATHING
MY OWN BREATH! (grunting)
(TV playing indistinctly,
click)
UGH. I'M SORRY. I CAN'T WATCH
THIS DOCUMENTARY ANYMORE.
YOU KNOW WHAT'S SCARIER
THAN LEX LUTHOR?
THE DECAYING
PUBLIC EDUCATION SYSTEM
THAT'S CHEATING OUR YOUNG PEOPLE
OUT OF A FUTURE.
YOU KNOW WHAT'S
ALSO DECAYING?
THAT ONE
VICE PRINCIPAL'S TEETH.
WHAT DOES SHE
BRUSH THEM WITH, PUDDING?
YOU SEE? THAT'S WHY I DON'T
BRING SAM AROUND YOU GUYS.
OH, NO. HONEY,
DOES SHE HAVE PUDDING TEETH?
NO! 'CAUSE OUR GROUP
IS TOO JUDGMENTAL.
I MEAN, YOU SAW HOW WE TORE
SMITH A NEW TAILPIPE TODAY.
THAT WAS DIFFERENT.
SMITH DUMPED ME,
AND THAT'S THE ONLY REASON
WHY PEOPLE WERE
TALKING CRAP ABOUT HIM.
MM, NO, WE TALKED CRAP ABOUT HIM
WHEN YOU WERE DATING, TOO.
WE JUST DID IT
BEHIND YOUR BACK.
HMM.
SHOULD WE GO CHECK
THE GARAGE?
AH, THE HELL WITH LOOKING.
I WANNA TALK MORE ABOUT ELLIE.
LET'S GO, TALK-BUDDY.
(both mouth words)
(speaks indistinctly)
(thud)
ELLIE AND I HAVE ALWAYS HAD
A COMPLICATED RELATIONSHIP.
WE ACTUALLY MET
AT A SAMPLE SALE.
SHE TRAMPLED ME.
TRAV?TRAV?
(cell phone rings)
HMM.
(beep)
HELLO?
I'VE GOT YOUR BOY.
I'M HAVING THE BEST TIME.
ME, TOO, TOM.
GIVE ME BACK MY SON!
(voice breaks)
MOM, I'M SCARED.
NOW YOU KNOW HE'S OKAY.
GOOD-BYE, JULES.
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
WHAT ARE THOSE CHOPSTICKS FOR?
(beep)
(lowered voice) GET IN QUICK.
JULES WILL SEE YOU.
(lowered voice) OH, MAN.
PIPE DOWN, PRETTY BOY.
HEY, GUYS!
ANYBODY WANT A WINE BREAK?
DON'T MOVE!
IT'S A TRICK.
(sighs) DAMN IT.
HELP ME OUT WITH SOMETHING.
I ALWAYS FELT THIS LITTLE EDGE
FROM ANDY.
WHAT'S HIS PROBLEM WITH ME?
CAN YOU IMAGINE
WHAT IT'S LIKE BEING ANDY?
WELL, HE'S MARRIED TO YOU,
SO I KNOW IT'S MOSTLYTERRIBLE.
ZING. GIVE ME SOME, TRAV.
(chuckles) NO, THANKS.
LOOK, WHEN ANDY'S PARENTS
FIRST MOVED HERE FROM CUBA,
THEY SCRAPED UP ENOUGH MONEY
TO SEND HIM TO PREP SCHOOL.
SO IN WALKS THIS
HUSKY, BALDING, 11-YEAR-OLD
WITH A WHOLE FRIED FISH
FOR LUNCH.
HE GOT TERRORIZED
BY PRETTY BOY D-BAGS LIKE YOU
NAMED WYATT OR DECKLAND.
AND EVERY TIME YOU TEASE HIM,
YOU REMIND HIM OF THOSE GUYS.
DON'T FEED INTO IT,
AND YOU'LL BE FINE.
NO PROBLEM...
EXCEPT FOR I JUST TIED HIM
TO A TREE. I GOTTA GO GET HIM.
GET PILLOWS AND WINE.
AND IF YOU TELL JULES
THAT WE'RE HERE, I WILL END YOU.
CAN YOU GET MY RETAINER?
THIS SUCKS. (sighs)
WHY AREN'T YOU AT COLLEGE?
YOU KNOW, TOM,
I DON'T...KNOW.
YOU KNOW WHAT, BEEF?
I'VE DECIDED I'M MAD AT YOU.
YOU DON'T HAVE ANY FAITH
IN YOUR FRIENDS.
WE WOULD NEVER TRASH SAM.
WHEN I WAS DATING SMITH,
I KNEW THAT HE WASN'T
EVERYONE'S FAVORITE.
BUT YOU GUYS NEVER SAID
ANY OF THAT STUFF TO MY FACE,
BECAUSE THAT'S HOW
WE SUPPORT EACH OTHER.
IT'S KIND OF BEAUTIFUL.
I MEAN,
NO ONE LIKES ELLIE, BUT WE'RE
NOT MEAN WHEN ANDY'S AROUND.
I LIKE ELLIE.
(chuckles) COME ON, BUDDY.
IT'S JUST US.
EVERYONE IS GONNA BE SO PSYCHED
THAT YOU'RE DATING AGAIN,
THAT WE'LL BE COOL,
EVEN IF SAM TOTALLY SUCKS.
BOBBY,
WE'RE THE CUL-DE-SAC CREW.
WE ALWAYS HAVE
EACH OTHER'S BACKS.
(door opens)
PUT MY ICE CREAM AWAY
AND GO GET SOME WINE AND PILLOWS
AND GO HIDE FROM JULES
IN THE TRUCK.
I GOTTA GO GET ANDY
BECAUSE I TIED HIM TO A TREE.
OUR GROUP IS SO MUCH FUN!
(door closes)
(footsteps approach)
(muffled voice)
IS SOMEONE THERE?
PLEASE HELP. DO THE RIGHT THING.
ANDY? WHAT HAPPENED?
YOUR BOYFRIEND'S A BIG BULLY.
UNTIE ME.
OH, MY GOODNESS.
OH.
WOW. I'LL HAVE
TO GET SOME SCISSORS.
HEY, YOU KNOW, I'M HAVING
A BAD DAY, TOO.
HEY, DO YOU THINK THERE'S
ANYTHING TO WHAT ELLIE SAID?
I MEAN, THE WAY I SEE IT--
I AM SO HOT!
FINE! KEEP YOUR SHIRT ON.
(chuckles) GET IT?
I'M GOING.
OKAY, SHE'S GONE.
I'LL UNTIE YOU.
I CAN STILL KICK.
DO YOU WANNA BE LET GO
OR NOT?
OKAY, SO I PROBABLY SHOULDN'T
HAVE TIED YOU TO A TREE.
SINCE I'M CUBAN,
IT'S ALMOST A HATE CRIME.
LOOK, DON'T COMPARE ME
TO THOSE DOUCHEY GUYS
THAT HASSLED YOU
IN HIGH SCHOOL.
ELLIE TOLD YOU? PERFECT.
YOU KNOW WHY
YOU'RE AN IDIOT?
ONE OF THE REASONS,
ANYWAY?
IT'S 'CAUSE
YOU'RE STILL COMPETING
WITH A BUNCH OF JERKS
FROM YOUR PAST.
BUT, DUDE, YOU ALREADY WON.
I MEAN, YOU GOT A HOT WIFE
AND A BEAUTIFUL SON
AND A GREAT JOB.
MOST OF THOSE COOL GUYS--
I BET THEY'RE LIKE ME--
YOU KNOW, DIVORCED,
STRUGGLING THROUGH LIFE,
PEAKED AT 18.
WOW. YOU'RE A TOTAL LOSER.
WHAT? NO, I GOT, UH,
I GOT JULES NOW.
(chuckles) YEAH,
BUT YOU'RE GONNA BLOW THAT.
I--FORGET IT.
WAIT.
THANKS FOR COMING BACK
FOR ME.
ANDY?
ALL RIGHT, DON'T PISS ME OFF.
I'VE GOT SCISSORS!
ANDY?! ANDY!
(Johnny Flynn's "Tickle Me Pink"
playing)
WAIT.WHEREARE YOU?
(lowered voice)
OOH. HEY, OVER HERE!
OH, GOOD YOU INVITED HER.
OH. HI.
JUST GET IN AND HIDE.
COME HERE.
HEY.
EVERYONE, THIS IS SAM...
MY GIRLFRIEND.
OHH!
ISN'T BOBBY GREAT?
OKAY, GUYS, I'M THE LAST ONE!
I LOSE!
GAME OVER!
YOU CAN ALL COME OUT NOW!
NOBODY MOVE.
SHE'S ABOUT TO SNAP.
I SWEAR TO GOD, I WILL BURN
THIS WHOLE CUL-DE-SAC DOWN!
(dogs barking in distance)
HEY, MS. VASQUEZ.
JUST PLAYING A LITTLE GAME.
TOM?
I'VE GOT A HUG
WITHYOURNAME ON IT!
SHE NEEDS ME.
NO! HOLD HIM DOWN.
SAM, COVER HIS MOUTH!
I DON'T LIKE THIS.
JUST DO IT, SAM!
IT IS DARK,
AND I AM TIRED OF BEING ALONE!
ELLIE?
♪ I WISH I WAS HOME
AND TUCKED AWAY ♪
ELLIE! FRIEND TEST!
♪ WHEN NOTHING GOES RIGHT,
AND THE FUTURE'S DARK ♪
(Travis)
UGH, CAN WE STAND UP, TOO?
OKAY, EVERYONE,
FRIEND TEST!
OH, THANK GOD! THAT WAS
LIKE A BUTT NUMB-A-THON.
OH!
LOOK, THIS WAS SUPPOSED
TO BE FUN.
BUT, ELLIE, YOU WERE RIGHT.
I-I AM AN EVIL DICTATOR.
EVEN WHEN I WAS A KID, I USED TO
ORDER MY FRIENDS AROUND SO MUCH,
THEY CALLED ME "BOSSY BOY."
BOSSYBOY?
OH. I DIDN'T GET BOOBS
UNTIL I WAS A SENIOR.
LATE BLOOMER. NICE!
NO, TOM.
I DON'T KNOW WHY EVERYTHING
ALWAYS HAS TO BE MY WAY.
I DON'T. I JUST...
I DON'T EVEN KNOW
HOW YOU GUYS PUT UP WITH ME.
I'M--I'M SO SORRY.
OH, PLEASE.
I WAS JUST PISSY
'CAUSE YOU WOULDN'T
GO OFF-ROADING.
(Ellie) WE'RE ALL GROWNUPS.
WE WOULDN'T SPEND EVERY SECOND
AT YOUR HOUSE
IF WE DIDN'T WANT TO.
I HAD A BLAST TODAY.
I ATE STEAK!
BEST NIGHT EVER.
(Bobby) IT WAS ALL RIGHT.
JULES, IF WE HAD TO ELECT
A GROUP LEADER, IT'D BE YOU.
YOU BRING US ALL TOGETHER.
THANK YOU.
WHO'S THE NEW CHICK?
OH, IT'S MY GIRLFRIEND SAM.
WELL, WELCOME, SAM.
GLAD YOU COULD MAKE IT.
WANT TO PLAY ANOTHER ROUND?
HEY, TOM, YOU WANNA HIDE?
I'M A GREAT HIDER.
♪ PUSHED BACK
THROUGH THE LEAFY GROUND ♪
♪ PRAY FOR THE PEOPLE
INSIDE YOUR HEAD ♪
WANNA HEAD INSIDE
AND DRINK SOME WINE?
YEAH.
HELL, YEAH.
(Bobby) OHH.
♪ WHEN YOU'RE DEAD,
WHEN YOU'RE... ♪
(sighs) SO... DID Y'ALL BAG
ON SAM ONCE WE LEFT?
WHAT COULD WE POSSIBLY
SAY ABOUT HER?
WE MET HER FOR, LIKE,
TWO SECONDS.
WELL,
THAT'S ALL YOU'RE GONNA GET,
BECAUSE SHE DUMPED ME.
GO AHEAD.
BAD HAIR, WEIRD NOSE,
THICK NECK.
SHE SHOOK MY HAND
WITH HER FINGERTIPS.
WHAT ARE YOU,
THE QUEEN OF FRANCE?
HER FACE MADE ME WANT TO LEARN
HOW TO BOX.
MAN,THERE'S A LOT OF LOVE
IN THIS ROOM.
AW.
SORRY.